Update Allowlist Backend SDK docs to match BAPI docs (#1230)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/backend/allowlist/create-allowlist-identifier.mdx

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `identifier` | `string` | The identifier to be added in the allowlist. Can be an email address, a phone number in international [E.164](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E.164) format, or a web3 wallet. |

> | `notify` | `boolean` | Whether the given identifier will receive an invitation to join the application.  Note that this only works for email address and phone number identifiers. Not available for wildcard identifiers. Defaults to `false`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `notify` | `boolean` | Whether the given identifier will receive an invitation to join the application.  Note that this only works for email address and phone number identifiers. Not available for wildcard identifiers or web3 wallets. Defaults to `true`. |
```
